welcome thank you top of the almost
morning to you
happy happy st patrick's day
this is interesting there's a bit of
history i i didn't know i
googled st patrick today and the first
line that came back was st
patrick wasn't actually irish that's
fake news too who the hell knew that
st patrick is believed to have been born
in scotland to roman parents
which would mean he was italian when he
was 16 years old st
patrick was kidnapped and taken to
ireland as a slave
and now here we are today going kiss me
logical
some story no reason to celebrate
and the shamrock you know why the
shamrock is the national symbol of
ireland yeah we'll go ahead and explain
oh i i don't know jesus you don't know
okay because
according to legend anyway st patrick
the italian guy
he said i and i needed some parsley for
my linguine evangel
no he found a three-leaf clover
and he picked it and he used it to
explain the concept of the holy trinity
the father son and the holy spirit
being one and three at the same time but
it's a good thing a three-legged dog
didn't walk by her ireland would
have a pretty weird national symbol
right now here in the united states
celebrations were scaled back this year
because there's some kind of virus going
around but
there's one tradition i refuse to
surrender to covet or to anything
every year on st patrick's day going
back 15 years now
we show what i still believe is the
greatest local news story
in the history of television so let's
take a trip now
to the year 2006 to the town of mobile
alabama
where crowds gathered to lay eyes on a
real life leprechaun
curiosity leads to large crowds in
mobile's crichton community
many of you bringing binoculars
camcorders even camera phones to take
pictures
to me it looked like a level kind to me
i got to look up in the tree who else in
the level car
say yeah
yes have it unfortunately the news
cameras did not capture the leprechaun
or say yeah but luckily there was a very
talented artist on hand to help
eyewitnesses say the leprechaun only
comes out at night
if you shine a light in its direction it
suddenly disappears
this amateur sketch resembles what many
of you say the leprechaun looks like
that's him officer that's the guy who
stole
my pot of gold not everyone in crichton
believed the leprechaun hype this woman
had a much more
practical hypothesis for what might be
in that tree
others find it hard to believe and have
come up with their own theories and
explanations for the image
could be a crackhead that got hold to
the wrong
stuff and it told me to get up in a tree
and play a leprechaun
alex
in the crackhead who got the wrong stuff
one of that wasn't that one of the dr
seuss books that got
yeah right anyway happy st patrick's day
i'm gonna tell my kids that that
that this incident is how the holiday
started
our irish-american president went to
mass this morning at st patrick's church
in wilmington
he also sat down with george
stephanopoulos joe biden said among
other things that
vladimir putin will pay a price for
russia's interference in our last two
elections
it's interesting when joe biden says
someone will pay a price he means
he'll impose sanctions or freeze bank
accounts when putin says someone will
pay a price
they're eating a plutonium and cheese
mcmuffin
but the director of national
intelligence issued a major report
yesterday it says russia actively worked
a medal in our election again
according to the report russia's mission
in 2020
was denigrating president biden's
candidacy and the democratic party
supporting donald trump undermining
public confidence in the electoral
process
and exacerbating socio-political
divisions in the united states well not
according to rudy giuliani they didn't
i mean and who they think we're going to
believe these national intelligence
clowns are america's mayor
a man who loves this country so much he
dyes his hair with chocolate syrup and
shouts about elec election fraud from
the alley behind a butt plug store who
do you think
i was thinking about that today i still
can't believe it happened
the report also confirms that some of
trump's closest allies were duped into
sharing
russian disinformation i'm guessing one
of those dupes is mike lindell the my
pillow guy
who's currently on the run the pillow
man says he's been away from his home
for months moving between undisclosed
locations
for fear of unnamed enemies are you
saying that you're living in an
undisclosed location because of
uh i ca i absolutely move around to
undisclosed locations i'm not gonna
i've cancelled events i did a zoom call
the other day i was gonna be there in
person but it's just too risky i'm not
you know i'm not going uh i'm not gonna
put other people in jeopardy and
and uh or myself mike believes that a
sophisticated cabal of deep state
operatives
rigged an election but they can't find
the super 8 motel he's broadcasting live
on twitch from
how hard could it be to fight mike mike
lindell if you see a guy in the street
and you think
uh that guy looks like a canadian serial
killer it's probably him
the reason liddell is on the run is
because he knows too much you may
remember he repeatedly promised to
release
shocking information that would prove
donald trump won the election that he
didn't win
on december 21st lindell said we have
all the evidence biggest
election fraud in world history january
19th in an email to nbc
he said china and others use the
machines to corrupt our election
here is one page of proof and then there
was nothing attached to the email
so he sent another email with an empty
attachment and then a third email with a
bunch of
screenshots of illegible text on
february
2nd on newsmax he said we have 100 proof
february 4th he said it's all coming out
tomorrow february 10th
an interview with steve bannon he said
i'm 100 we have all the proof it's just
coming out now i have 100
proof february 22nd he tells business
insider he's got a massive team of
lawyers
and all the evidence needed to prove his
case march 5th he said he's going to
make a couple more documentaries to show
all the new evidence and when you see
this 100 you're all in
and here we are on march 17th
maybe he was the crackhead in the tree
you know
it would it would actually make more
sense
our crazy ex-president is back at it
last night
donnie dialed up the welcome mat known
as maria barona romo for a 21-minute
long chat
that covered a variety of subjects
including whether or not
the maga gang should get the vaccine
would you recommend
to our audience that they get the
vaccine then
i would i would recommend it and i would
recommend it to
a lot of people that don't want to get
it and a lot of those people voted for
me frankly but
you know i again we have our freedoms
and we have to
live by that and i agree with that also
well it's that kind of decisiveness that
made him the greatest president
since abraham lincoln i can't believe i
voted for that guy twice
trump also took time to celebrate the
imaginary wall he now claims is almost
finished
well my policies were working better
than they've ever seen on the southern
border the wall is almost complete
we just had to fix little sections they
could have it finished in
a month and it would be just magnificent
it already is magnificent and they
should finish it but they're destroying
our country they're coming in now from
yemen they're coming in from the middle
east they're coming in from
everywhere they're dropping them off and
they're they're pouring into our country
it's a disgrace they're going to destroy
our country if they don't do something
about it
right they're coming in through the
little holes we could have finished in a
month from yemen
do you think he knows we don't share a
border with yemen
his majesty also weighed in on the very
important subject of meghan markle
i'm not a fan of hers i think that what
she
talks about the royal family and the
queen i happen to think i know the queen
as you know i've met with the queen and
i think the queen is a tremendous person
and i'm not a fan of megan
right meghan markle megyn kelly megan
mccain
the guy has a problem with megan's
across the board he's
making america great again trump also
believes
that he is not getting the credit he
deserves for
the vaccine it's driving him nuts that
joe biden is actually getting the
vaccine
into people's bodies trump wants
everyone to know that the hero of this
story
is him we got a vaccine done in nine
months and fortunately
that's not only gonna save our country
it's gonna save the world
and it's really saving our country and
it's saving frankly the world
and then when you add the fact that i
was the one and this administration was
the one that came up with a vaccine
which is going to save the world okay
weren't you the one telling everyone to
drink bleach that was him right
a recent poll showed that almost half of
trump's supporters are either hesitant
or refused to get the vaccine so health
experts including dr fauci
have been hopeful that trump would give
it an endorsement and finally he did
that today
in his own special way
last year my administration launched a
very powerful
operation warp speed it was an operation
like nobody's ever seen before
and we developed a vaccine a beautiful
you know what almost you could say
miracle i'm gonna say miracle
vaccine and we did it joe biden didn't
do it
gracie nancy didn't do it trump did it
okay trump did it
and now they want to take the credit and
we can't let that happen so
we all need to go and get that trump
shot i call it the trump shot many
people are calling it that the trump
shot that's what they say
and we need to get it right away and
stay well
so we can fight for america and fight
for all that you know what to take
things back
we need to take things back they very
much need to be taken back because
they're very bad right now and maybe
worse maybe they're worse than bad we've
never seen things
this bad frankly even though we have the
beautiful
trump vaccine which is just incredible
so don't let sleepy joke give the shot i
gave you to illegal immigrants
bad hombres in caravans crossing
avoiders
with windmills from antiva so go on down
and get that beautiful vaccine it's so
safe it's the most safe
they say it's the safest vaccine since
abraham lincoln if you can imagine that
so go down get that max break in
if you have to i can't say that but but
you know what break in and let them know
trump sent you
all right well you heard him
[Music]
spread it around on facebook you know
we've been um
combing through our corona archives as
we mark
one year in captivity we've been looking
back at what was in the news
this week a year ago and we've cleverly
titled it this week in covet history
[Music]
this week in covid history it's the
second half of march 2020
streets are quiet except for the sound
of drive-by birthday parties
the newest craze along with ovations for
hospital workers
two things we absolutely will never stop
doing say
move over lgbts there's a new identity
in town
homosexual a new term for empire state
governor andrew cuomo
america's favorite fella release the
ventilators
to new york this sexy fella won't take
no for an answer
down floored away spring break is
springing
if i get corona i get corona at the end
of the day i'm not gonna want to stop me
from partying
speaking of dum dums here's congressman
devin nunes it's a great time to just go
out go to a local restaurant
likely you can get in get in easily
corona petite
back to walla walla dc where president
trump is holding a press conference what
do you say to americans who are watching
you right now
who are scared i say that you're a
terrible reporter that's what i say
you tell him so when will things get
back to normal i think easter sunday
and you'll have packed churches all over
our country
i think it would be a beautiful time and
it's just about the timeline that i
think is right
buy gum america has never been in safer
or smaller hands
this has been this week in covid history
you know what he didn't say which easter
sunday he just said easter sunday
congratulations on making it to the end
of a youtube video why not celebrate by
clicking the subscribe button
you earned it